Your mom is so dumb it took her 2 hours to watch 60 minutes
Your mom is so dumb when she saw the NC-17 (under 17 not admitted) sign, she went home and got 16 friends
Your mom is so dumb when your dad said it was chilly outside, she ran outside with a spoon
Your mom is so dumb she told everyone that she was "illegitiment" because she couldn't read
Your mom is so dumb that she puts lipstick on her head just to make-up her mind
Your mom is so dumb she hears it's chilly outside so she gets a bowl
Your mom is so dumb you have to dig for her IQ!
Your mom is so dumb she got locked in a grocery store and starved!
Your mom is so dumb it took her 2 hours to watch 60 Minutes!
Your mom is so dumb that she tried to put M&M's in alphabetical order!
Your mom is so dumb she could trip over a cordless phone!
Your mom is so dumb she sold her car for gasoline money!
Your mom is so dumb she bought a solar-powered flashlight!
Your mom is so dumb she thinks a quarterback is a refund!
Your mom is so dumb she took a cup to see Juice.
Your mom is so dumb that she sold the car for gas money.
Your mom is so dumb she asked you "What is the number for 911"
Your mom is so dumb she took a ruler to bed to see how long she slept.
Your mom is so dumb when she read on her job application to not write below the dotted line she put "O.K."
Your mom is so dumb she got stabbed in a shoot out.
Your mom is so dumb she stole free bread.
Your mom is so dumb she took a spoon to the superbowl.
Your mom is so dumb she called Dan Quayle for a spell check.
Your mom is so dumb she stepped on a crack and broke her own back.
Your mom is so dumb she makes Beavis and Butt-Head look like Nobel Prize winners.
Your mom is so dumb she thought she needed a token to get on Soul Train.
Your mom is so dumb she took the Pepsi challenge and chose Jif.
Your mom is so dumb when you stand next to her you hear the ocean!
Your mom is so dumb she hears it's chilly outside so she gets a bowl
Your mom is so dumb she got locked in a grocery store and starved!
Your mom is so dumb she thinks Fleetwood Mac is a new hamburger at McDonalds!
Your mom is so dumb she sits on the TV, and watches the couch!
Your mom is so dumb that she thought Boyz II Men was a day care center.
Your mom is so dumb she bought a videocamera to record cable tv shows at home.
Your mom is so dumb when she went to take the 44 bus, she took the 22 twice instead.
Your mom is so dumb she jumped out the window and went up.
Your mom is so dumb she thought a quarterback was an income tax refund.
Your mom is so dumb she took a umbrella to see Purple Rain.
Your mom is so dumb that under "Education" on her job apllication, she put "Hooked on Phonics."
Your mom is so dumb she put out the cigarette butt that was heating your house.
Your mom is so dumb she put lipstick on her forehead, talking about she was trying to makeup her mind.
Your mom is so dumb she watches "The Three Stooges" and takes notes.

